Call clocks clocks instead of clock variables (#279)
modelica/fmi-ls-bus: docs/4____network_abstraction.adoc

* The `Rx_Data` variable is clocked by the `Rx_Clock` Clock, both with `causality` set to `input`.
* The `Tx_Data` variable is clocked by the `Tx_Clock` Clock.
The `causality` for the `Tx_Data` variable shall be `output`.
The `causality` of `Tx_Clock` depends on the selected Clock type (see <<low-cut-tx-time-based-clocks, Tx Clocks>>).

Both variables (and their corresponding Clocks) must be a member of its corresponding <<low-cut-bus-terminal, Bus Terminal>>.

==== Tx Clocks [[low-cut-tx-clocks]]
As described in the FMI 3.0 specification, Clocks are used to synchronize events between the importer and across FMUs.
Since Clocks are strictly related to the `Event Mode`, networked FMUs shall set the Co-Simulation attribute `hasEventMode = "true"` in the model description file.

The point in time where Bus Operations are transferred from the `Tx_Data` to the `Rx_Data` variables is defined by the `Tx_Clock`.
Such a communication point will be called Bus Communication Point.

_[Note: The Clock type of `Tx_Clock` can influence the bus simulation significantly - the differences should be taken into account.]_

===== Time-based Tx Clocks [[low-cut-tx-time-based-clocks]]

> For time based Clocks, the event times are known before a simulation step is started, and the importer can adapt the next `communicationStepSize` for all networked FMUs accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For time-based Clocks, the event times are known before a simulation step is started, and the importer can adapt the next `communicationStepSize` for all networked FMUs accordingly.
```

==== Tx Clocks [[low-cut-tx-clocks]]
As described in the FMI 3.0 specification, Clocks are used to synchronize events between the importer and across FMUs.

_[Note: The Clock type of `Tx_Clock` can influence the bus simulation significantly - the differences should be taken into account.]_

===== Time-based Tx Clocks [[low-cut-tx-time-based-clocks]]
For time-based Clocks, the event times are known before a simulation step is started, and the importer can adapt the next `communicationStepSize` for all networked FMUs accordingly.

<<low-cut-communication-points>> illustrates the operating principle of the exchange of Bus Operations using a time-based `Tx_Clock` with `intervalVariability=countdown`.
The network topology is shown on the left part and the corresponding data flow on the right part of the figure.
In this example FMU 1 and FMU 2 are communicating via a Bus Simulation.
Each of them have a <<low-cut-bus-terminal, Bus Terminal>> where the specified Bus Operations are exchanged.
Within the first communication point (first black dot), FMU 1 announces the time point when it wants to transmit data by setting the interval and the interval qualifier of the `countdown` `Tx_Clock`.

> The importer will then call the `fmi3DoStep` functions of the FMUs with a corresponding communicationTimeStep to hit the requested time point (first red dot).

Author: fixed

_[Note: During simulation it can happen that no `Tx_Data` has to be transferred to the `Rx_Data` variable at the announced Tx time. In this case the returned 'valueSize' of the `Tx_Data` variable is 0.]_

> Although the `causality` of a `time-based` `Tx_Clock` and a `triggered` `Rx_Clock` are each `input`, it is allowed to connect both, since a `time-based` Clock of an FMU is considered only to be a request to the importer to provide an attendant Clock source.

Author: I don't know either - I didn't change this part of the sentence.

General remark:
This PR is just a first quick shot that I pushed after @chrbertsch asked me to do it.
I marked it as a draft because there are for sure still typos and even inconsistencies.
The main idea was to get quick feedback if the intended change - to clearly split clocks and other variables, even though both are technically fmi variables - is ok.
If there is consensus on this, I'll go through the spec more thoroughly.

> Although the `causality` of a `time-based` `Tx_Clock` and a `triggered` `Rx_Clock` are each `input`, it is allowed to connect both, since a `time-based` Clock of an FMU is considered only to be a request to the importer to provide an attendant Clock source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the `causality` of a `time-based` `Tx_Clock` and a `triggered` `Rx_Clock` are each `input`, it is allowed to connect both, since a `time-based` Clock of an FMU is considered only to be a request to the importer to provide an corresponding Clock source.
```

.Consideration of time-base Tx_Clock connections.
[#low-cut-time-based-port-connection]
image::low_cut_time_based_port_connection.svg[width=50%, align="center"]

Because of the common Clock source however, both Clocks (`Rx_Clock` and `Tx_Clock`) might get active at the same time.

> To make sure that the `Rx_Data` variables is set properly, an importer has to activate the `Rx_Clock` under consideration of `Tx_Data` and `Rx_Data` dependency.

Reviewer 2: "variables is" -> "variable is"
"under consideration of" -> "respecting the"

> To make sure that the `Rx_Data` variables is set properly, an importer has to activate the `Rx_Clock` under consideration of `Tx_Data` and `Rx_Data` dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that the `Rx_Data` variable is set properly, an importer has to activate the `Rx_Clock` respecting the `Tx_Data` and `Rx_Data` dependency.
```

> _[Note: For clarity always a direct connection line between `Tx_Clock` and `Rx_Clock` is shown in figures of this document.]_

Reviewer 2: "direct connection" -> "connecting"

> _[Note: For clarity always a direct connection line between `Tx_Clock` and `Rx_Clock` is shown in figures of this document.]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_[Note: For clarity always a connecting line between `Tx_Clock` and `Rx_Clock` is shown in figures of this document.]_
```
